# Challenges:

- CreateReactApp and Gatsby has spoiled me. Creating the node app with jest and babel set up took a little longer ( 30min ) than expected.
- Initially, I tried to do the geocode challenge. The spec said not to buy an API key, but according to [their recent pricing changes](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/usage-and-billing), you need a billing account for using Geocode api. For all the ~3 million different locations to query, it would cost at least over \$1k each time the app would run. For this reason I pivoted to the R2D2 Adventure challenge.
- Initially approached problem with the mindset that I would want to optimally do everything functionally without mutating any state. This felt like it would add needless obfuscation to the problem. I ended up approaching the challenge with a functional mindset, but only with the game state is being actively mutated with each new user input.
- I ran into a bit of a small hiccup when doing the logic for turning the player. Modulo (%) in javascript is actually remainder which means that it causes weirdness when going negative. This is something that would happen when the player is facing north and wants to look left (to the west).
- Encountered issue with jest and `import` syntax. Debugged this for a bit but eventually just gave up on tests for this exercise. In this case, it seemed simple enough for me to just manually test. Additionally, I wrote each function with the intent that it can be each unit tested easily.
